Update office-365-groups.md (#5151)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/create-groups/office-365-groups.md

With a Microsoft 365 group, you don't have to manually assign permissions to each of these resources. Adding people to the group automatically gives them the permissions they need.

> Any user can create a group unless you [limit group creation to a specific set of people](../../solutions/manage-creation-of-groups.md). If you limit group creation, users who cannot create groups will not be able to create SharePoint sites, Planners, teams, Outlook group calendar, Stream Groups, Yammer groups, Shared Library in OneDrive or a A Shared Power BI Workspace. These services require the people creating them to be able to create a group. Users can still participate in group activities, such as creating tasks in Planner or using Teams chat, provided they are a member of the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any user can create a group unless you [limit group creation to a specific set of people](../../solutions/manage-creation-of-groups.md). If you limit group creation, users who cannot create groups will not be able to create SharePoint sites, Planners, teams, Outlook group calendars, Stream groups, Yammer groups, Shared libraries in OneDrive, or shared Power BI workspaces. These services require the people creating them to be able to create a group. Users can still participate in group activities, such as creating tasks in Planner or using Teams chat, provided they are a member of the group.
```
